DOCS-613 - Service Intelligence beta (#4976)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/observability/ai-driven-investigations.md

## View AI-Driven Investigations

To open AI-Driven Investigations, in the main Sumo Logic menu of the [**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui), select **AI-Driven Investigations**.

When you first open AI-Driven Investigations, the display of an investigation will include a list of services to the left, and a map of the services to the right. These services are automatically identified by AI analysis of logs in your environment. 

The service list and map visually represents your application environment, giving you a greater understanding of your application architecture, hierarchy, and dependencies between microservices. Health of each microservice is reflected in the color of nodes in the map to help you spot potential problems and bottlenecks in your application infrastructure.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/observability/service-intelligence-initial-map.png')} alt="AI-Driven Investigations list and map" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />

### View a summary of all service activity

AI-Driven Investigations provides an AI-generated summary of all detected service signals and steps to take to remediate issues.

> 1. Click the summary button to the right of the services map. <img src={useBaseUrl('img/observability/summary-button.png')} alt="Summary button" width="30" /><br/>A **Summary** panel displays:<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/observability/service-intelligence-signals-summary.png')} alt="Signals summary" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="300" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the summary button in the upper right corner of the services map. <img src={useBaseUrl('img/observability/summary-button.png')} alt="Summary button" width="30" /><br/>A **Summary** panel displays:<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/observability/service-intelligence-signals-summary.png')} alt="Signals summary" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="300" />
```

There is a high degree of confidence in the AI outputs as verified through human judging of sample sets. Sumo Logic internally relies on the human judging process and follows that up with tuning the dataset or the prompt.

Furthermore, you can provide feedback, such as noting it is missing services.

### What is generated ? 

Data is generated by passing a sample of data to the LLM for the past 15 minutes along with a prompt. This returns a "service summary" of logs along with log messages related to the signals generated, with a hypothesis of the problem and next steps for further exploration.

Our AI delivers actionable intelligence in near-real-time via log analysis only. The resulting service map highlights the interconnection of various services and components. The summary and signals highlight what services are functioning normally, and any that might have errors, high traffic, or latency issues. Clicking on an individual service lets you view the specific signals generated for the service. Next steps are suggested for how to resolve any issues that might be present. From there, you can view example log lines, and dig deeper into the logs if needed. 

> ### How does regeneration work ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How does regeneration work?
```
